## Getting help

Modern software development is a collaborative endeavour. Much time is spent searching the web to

- Gain inspiration
- Find libraries
- Read documentation
- Obtain sample code
- Learning new features/techniques
- Diagnose bugs

One way or another, you will end up using libraries and modifying code you find on-line. However, this comes with risks that you must manage. Code samples and libraries may

- have (unintentional or intentional) security vulnerabilities
- contain bugs
- be correct, but inefficient
- not follow the latest best practices
- have copyright licences that are incompatible with your use

It’s your responsibility to weigh the risk of using third-party code against the potential rewards.

### Colleagues

Colleagues are a good source of help. They understand the context in which you are working and can be trusted not to produce malicious code.

### MDN Web Docs

[MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org) is the primary source of information on JS (and other web technologies). You can generally trust the information it publishes.

### TypeScript

The official [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) site contains comprehensive information on the TS language and tooling. You can generally trust the information it publishes.

### Stack Overflow

[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com) is a very popular Q&A site for developers. You post a question and other developers answer it. They use voting to distinguish the best answers.

You can’t always trust highly voted answers. Sometimes the community as a whole is just wrong. There’s also the problem that answers that were good a few years ago aren’t relevant any more.

To use Stack Overflow effectively, you need to

- Read _all_ the answers to a question
- Look at the numbers of votes an answer has received
- Look at the dates of the answers
- Look at the comments on the answer, and the number of vote _those_ received
- Carefully review any code you decide to use
- Consider whether that code may infringe any copyrights (the contributor may have cut and paste it from somewhere)

If you find that your question hasn’t already been addressed on Stack Overflow you can post your own. One thing to consider is that, if your question is that unique, you may not get decent answers.

If you decide to post, it’s important to give clear, detailed information about your problem and what you have already done to try and resolve it. A minimal working code sample is always appreciated.

Lazy questions tend to get shot down.

### WWW

Stack Overflow isn’t the only resource on the web. Major platforms, frameworks and libraries tend to have their own community spaces where you may get more skilled help than is available on Stack Overflow.

Blogs are also a useful source. However, you have to exercise good judgement to determine whether the blogger is a legitimate source of expertise. YouTube videos have the same risk profile as blogs.

### ChatGPT

[ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com) is a powerful tool. It can

- Help generate ideas
- Turn ideas into code
- Refactor code
- Identify bugs
- Fix bugs
- Write unit tests
- Translate between languages

However, it’s important to check any code generated by ChatGPT. Because it bases its answers on existing codes samples, it can

- Produce code with bugs
- Produce code with security vulnerabilities
- Infringe copyright
- Introduce inefficiencies

Never paste ChatGPT code that you don’t understand into your application. It can be the source of subtle bugs that take time to squash.

Also, remember that any code you submit to ChatGPT may be entered into its training examples and presented back to others in response to their questions. **Never enter anything confidential into ChatGPT**.

Treat ChatGPT like a junior assistant. Have it produce work which you then check. ChatGPT is at its most dangerous when you are a novice developer.

### Demo: ChatGPT

The instructor will demonstrate the use of ChatGPT to write TypeScript code.

### Copilot

[Copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot) is ChatGPT focused on developer needs. It can be closely integrated into your IDE (especially VS Code), providing powerful autocompletion capabilities.

It also has integrated chat capabilities that have access to your current code as context.

Copilot presents the same risks at ChatGPT—even more so, as it’s not as clear what information you make be leaking.

### Demo: Copilot

The instructor will demonstrate the features of Copilot.
